k6 browser: add locator.all (#1986)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/k6/next/javascript-api/k6-browser/locator/_index.md

- Helps with writing robust tests by finding an element even if the underlying frame navigates.
- Makes it easier to work with dynamic web pages and SPAs built with Svelte, React, Vue, etc.
- Enables the use of test abstractions like the Page Object Model (POM) pattern to simplify and organize tests.

> - `strict` mode is enabled for some `locator` methods, which means that if more than one element matches the given selector it will throw an error.

Reviewer: Would it work if we ensured that we let the reader know `strict` doesn't work on each individual API docs page instead of in the `locator` APIs index page?

Also, how about:

```suggestion
- `strict` mode is enabled for all `locator` methods that are expected to target a single DOM element, meaning that if more than one element matches the given selector, an error will be thrown.
```

> - `strict` mode is enabled for some `locator` methods, which means that if more than one element matches the given selector it will throw an error.

Author: I've updated the wording following Ankur's suggestion :+1: We can add more details in each function page in a separate PR (I guess adding the strict mode warning in each function that does use it?).
